Update .NET Standard table for 2.1 (#14119)
dotnet/docs: includes/net-standard-table.md

> | .NET Standard              | [1.0]  | [1.1]  | [1.2] | [1.3] | [1.4] | [1.5]              | [1.6]              | [2.0]               | [2.1]

Reviewer: should we use preview for now?

```suggestion
| .NET Standard              | [1.0]  | [1.1]  | [1.2] | [1.3] | [1.4] | [1.5]              | [1.6]              | [2.0]               | [2.1 <br /> Preview]
```

|----------------------------|--------|--------|-------|-------|-------|--------------------|--------------------|---------------------|---------------------
| .NET Core                  | 1.0    | 1.0    | 1.0   | 1.0   | 1.0   | 1.0                | 1.0                | 2.0                 | 3.0 |

> | .NET Framework <sup>1</sup>| 4.5    | 4.5    | 4.5.1 | 4.6   | 4.6.1 | 4.6.1 <sup>2</sup> | 4.6.1 <sup>2</sup> | 4.6.1 <sup>2</sup>  | N/A<sup>3</sup> |

Reviewer: I think it's fine like this for now but I'd like to remove N/A from this table and just leave it blank in the future. We can still add a note that talks about the lack of support for Framework going forward.

Author: I don't think blank is good because we've seen a lot of feedback in the past that people didn't understand what that means. We could also expand it to "unsupported".

| Universal Windows Platform | 10.0   | 10.0   | 10.0  | 10.0  | 10.0  | 10.0.16299         | 10.0.16299         | 10.0.16299          | TBD
| Unity                      | 2018.1 | 2018.1 | 2018.1| 2018.1| 2018.1| 2018.1             |  2018.1            | 2018.1              | TBD

<sup>1 The versions listed for .NET Framework apply to .NET Core 2.0 SDK and later versions of the tooling. Older versions used a different mapping for .NET Standard 1.5 and higher. You can [download tooling for .NET Core tools for Visual Studio 2015](https://github.com/dotnet/core/blob/master/release-notes/download-archive.md) if you cannot upgrade to Visual Studio 2017.</sup>

<sup>2 The versions listed here represent the rules that NuGet uses to determine whether a given .NET Standard library is applicable. While NuGet considers .NET Framework 4.6.1 as supporting .NET Standard 1.5 through 2.0, there are several issues with consuming .NET Standard libraries that were built for those versions from .NET Framework 4.6.1 projects. For .NET Framework projects that need to use such libraries, we recommend that you upgrade the project to target .NET Framework 4.7.2 or higher.</sup>

> <sup>3 .NET Framework will not support .NET Standard 2.1 or any other later version. For more details, see this [blog post][ns21-post].</sup>

Reviewer: where is the blog post link? Also, we usually prefer to have the links embedded instead of in the bottom. The ones we have right make sense because it makes the table look cleaner.

We should also say something like the following:

```suggestion
<sup>3 .NET Framework won't support .NET Standard 2.1 or later versions. For more details, see the [blog post title][blog post link] blog post.</sup>
```
